RHDEVDOCS-4892-add-deprecated-alertmanager-key-names (#55499)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-applying-custom-alertmanager-configuration.adoc

  repeat_interval: 12h
  receiver: default
  routes:

>   - matchers:
>       alertname: Watchdog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - matchers: 
    - "alertname=Watchdog"
```

Author: changed

    repeat_interval: 5m
    receiver: watchdog
  - matchers:

>       service: <your_service> <1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - "service=<your_service>" <1>
```

Author: changed

    routes:
    - matchers:

>         <your_matching_rules> <2>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - <your_matching_rules> <2>
```

Author: changed

  repeat_interval: 12h
  receiver: default
  routes:
  - matchers:

>     - "alertname=watchdog"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - "alertname=Watchdog"
```

Reviewer 2: except this issue, the doc is LGTM

Author: fixed.

<2> `<your_matching_rules>` specifies the target alerts.
<3> `receiver` specifies the receiver to use for the alert.
+
[NOTE]
====

> Use `matchers` as the key name to indicate the matchers that an alert has to fulfill to match the node.

Reviewer 3: Maybe
```suggestion
Use the `matchers` key name to specify matching rules.
```

Author: Updated the first part of the sentence per your suggestion but did not remove the content at the end because it changes the meaning and makes it less specific.

> Do not use `match` or `match_re` as key names because both of these names are deprecated and will be removed in a future release.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Do not use the `match` or `match_re` key names, which are both deprecated and planned for removal in a future release.
```

Author: Great suggestion. Changed.

In addition, if you define inhibition rules, use `target_matchers` as the key name to indicate the target matchers and `source_matchers` to indicate the source matchers.

> Do not use `target_match`, `target_match_re`, `source_match`, or `source_match_re` as key names because these names are deprecated and will be removed in a future release.

Reviewer 3: If you update lines 60-61, make parallel updates to lines 63-64.

Author: Done.

  repeat_interval: 12h
  receiver: default
  routes:
  - matchers:

>       alertname: Watchdog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - alertname: Watchdog
```

Author: changed

    repeat_interval: 5m
    receiver: watchdog
  *- matchers:

>       service: example-app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - service: example-app
```

Author: changed

    routes:
    - matchers:

>         severity: critical

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - severity: critical
```

Author: changed

  repeat_interval: 12h
  receiver: default
  routes:
  - matchers:

>     - alertname: Watchdog

Reviewer 2: error in alertmanager
```
ts=2023-02-06T02:39:34.777Z caller=coordinator.go:118 level=error component=configuration msg="Loading configuration file failed" file=/etc/alertmanager/config_out/alertmanager.env.yaml err="yaml: unmarshal errors:\n  line 10: cannot unmarshal !!map into string\n  line 14: cannot unmarshal !!map into string\n  line 17: cannot unmarshal !!map into string"
```
should be
`- "alertname=watchdog"`

Author: fixed

    repeat_interval: 5m
    receiver: watchdog
  *- matchers:

>     - service: example-app

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - service: example-app
```
- "service=example-app"

>     - service: example-app

Reviewer 2: `- "service=example-app"`

>     - service: example-app

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - service: example-app
```
```
    - "service=example-app"
```

Author: fixed

    routes:
    - matchers:

>       - severity: critical

Reviewer 2: `- "severity=critical"`

>       - severity: critical

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - "severity=critical"
```

Author: fixed
